[u"Iran and world powers reached a framework agreement on Thursday on curbing Iran's nuclear program for at least a decade, a  step towards a final pact that could end 12 years of brinkmanship, threats and confrontation.", u'Ukraine has signed an interim deal for cheaper supplies of gas from Russia for the next three months, providing a breathing space for both sides in their protracted wrangle over pricing, Ukrainian energy officials said on Thursday.', u"The billionaire chairman of Chinese drinks maker Hangzhou Wahaha Group Co has knocked back reports he is planning a bid for struggling Italian soccer giants AC Milan, currently controlled by Italy's former prime minister Silvio Berlusconi.", u'Although the Anaheim Ducks wrapped up another division title and secured another 50-win season, their dressing room was conspicuously free of champagne, plastic sheeting or any type of celebration.', u'The popular online home-rental service Airbnb is allowing American travelers to book lodging in Cuba starting Thursday in the most significant U.S. business expansion on the island since the declaration of detente between the two countries late last year.', u"Three workers are missing following the huge blaze on an oil platform in the Gulf of Mexico that killed four workers and burned for hours, Mexico's state oil company said Thursday.", u"An assistant chief of an Indiana city's fire department has agreed to a demotion after being accused by a fellow firefighter of tying a noose with rope during a training exercise, local media reported on Wednesday.", u'A Dominican Republic resort long known as an exclusive Caribbean hideaway, where at least three former U.S. presidents have played golf, is one of the main settings in the corruption scandal enveloping Sen. Bob Menendez.', u"Brent oil fell nearly 4 percent on Thursday after a preliminary pact between Iran and global powers on Tehran's nuclear program, even as officials set further talks in June and analysts questioned when the OPEC member will be allowed to export more crude.", u'Turkish security forces arrested nine British nationals trying to cross illegally into Syria, the Turkish military said in a statement on Wednesday.', u"International sanctions meant to deprive Iran's nuclear program of funds and technology are squeezing the country's vital oil exports. Talks between Iran and major powers that  could lead to an easing of sanctions if successful are taking place in Lausanne, Switzerland.", u"A Russian trawler sank in icy seas off Russia's far eastern Kamchatka peninsula on Thursday, killing at least 56 of the 132 crew, the emergencies ministry said on Thursday.", u'Clark County District Attorney Steve Wolfson said on Wednesday he will not seek the death penalty against two suspects involved in the high-profile Las Vegas shooting death of a mother, a case that was first believed to have been sparked by road rage.', u'Today is Good Friday, April 3, the 93rd day of 2015. There are 272 days left in the year. The Jewish holiday Passover begins at sunset.', u'The \u201cAudit the Fed\u201d debate is the latest manifestation of a conflict as old as the nation, over the role of a central bank.', u'Photographers featured this week on @nytimes took viewers from a farm in Virginia to the streets of Kano, Nigeria.', u'Las negociaciones pueden crear con el tiempo alguna oportunidad de sacar a Ir\xe1n del aislamiento.', u'Mark Zuckerberg may not seem like a fashion role model, but he is arguably the most visible member of a self-selective group of men who have chosen to adopt a personal uniform.', u'Press previews began this week at the 2015 New York International Auto Show at the Jacob K. Javits Convention Center. The show opens to the public on Friday.', u'Catch up on the day\u2019s top stories.', u'Iran and six world powers agreed on key parameters for an accord regarding Tehran\u2019s nuclear program, with the details to be negotiated by June 30.', u'Details of the charges against two women who are accused in a bomb detonation plot.', u'For over half a century Baltazar Ushca has harvested glacial ice from the country\u2019s tallest mountain.', u'Here\u2019s what you need to know to start your day.', u'Voters support conservation; elected officials should listen.', u'The Department of Education should disclose the names of all schools that have been placed under student aid restrictions.', u'Sampling the outpouring of responses to a column by David Brooks.', u'The Hoosier State is in a mess, and its residents should feel free to blame their governor.', u'Granting clemency to these 22 was the right thing to do, but there are thousands more who deserve a reduced sentence, too.', u'Sheila Terman Cohen, a Wisconsin resident, says Gov. Scott Walker &#8220;seems to have lost regard for the values of the state he governs.&#8221;', u'David K. Schermerhorn, a reader, writes that this American support &#8220;not only undercuts aspirations of democracy but also creates an environment that encourages supporters of the Islamic State.&#8221;', u'Corrections appearing in print on Thursday, April 2, 2015.', u'Quotation of the day for Thursday, April 2, 2015.', u'Television highlights.', u'Minced anchovies and garlic add a complex salinity to seared salmon, enriching and deepening its flavor. To get the most out of them, the anchovies and garlic are mashed into softened butter, which is used in two ways: as a cooking medium and as a sauce. Used to cook the salmon, the butter browns and the anchovies and garlic caramelize, turning sweet. When stirred into the pan sauce, the raw garlic and anchovies give an intense bite that\u2019s mitigated by the creaminess of the butter. It\u2019s a quickly made, weeknight-friendly dish that\u2019s far more nuanced than the usual seared salmon \u2014 but no harder to prepare.', u'MARSH--Marian (nee Ebner) on April 1 Marian, a vivacious and incredibly generous woman, sadly passed away before the holiday she loved best, Passover. Marian was born March 11, 1936 in Brooklyn, NY, the daughter of Abraham and Gertrude Ebner. In 1955 Marian married the love of her life, the late Leonard Marsh. As the matriarch of the Marsh family, she proudly instilled Jewish and family values, as well as quality life skills. Survived by her devoted children, Robin Ross and her husband Jack, Bradley Marsh and his wife Jennifer, Peter Marsh and his wife Erika; her adoring grandchildren Allison Ross, Taylor Ross, Daniel Ross, Ryan Marsh, Maxwell Marsh, Andrew Marsh, Jake Marsh and Eliza Marsh; sister, Judith Ebner. Funeral to be held Friday, April 3rd at Guttermans Funeral Home, Woodbury, NY at 10am. 1/3', u'ROUSSO--Eli D.,born April 10, 1937 passed away March 30, 2015 in his home in Los Angeles. Born in Brooklyn, NY, he graduated from MIT and went on to a distinguished career in the computer software industry. He is survived by his three daughters Suzanne Rousso of Durham, NC, Evelyn Rousso and her spouse Joseph McCabe of Juneau, AK, Terry Rousso and her spouse Glen Stegner of Ashburnham, MA; grandsons Charles Manker, Evan Schick and David Rousso and his sisters Sandra Izhakoff and Harilyn Rousso. 1/3', u'POLLACK--Arlene. My dear friend for over 55 years. I will never forget Bear Mountain Camp visting, the Big Apple or you. My condolences to Lester and your wonderful family. Carol 1/3', u"WOLF--Mary C.,lifelong volunteer, supporter, and patron of numerous institutions and causes as well as a proud wife and mother, died peacefully March 30, two days before her 86th birthday. Mary had an indefatigable and vibrant zest for life and fought her illness to the very end, dying as she had always wished at home. Born in Winnetka, Il on April 1, 1929 the youngest of four children of Morton and Elizabeth Cahn, Mary attended North Shore Country Day and Rockford College and upon graduation moved to New York City in 1951. Early jobs at Scribner's and The New York Historical Society and a stint in Democratic Party politics gave way to a commitment to volunteerism on an extraordinary scale. Mary was at various times a founding member and first president of Playwrights' Horizons; president of the Mt. Sinai Auxiliary Board; and President of the West Side YWCA, an organization for which she went on to serve at a leadership level in both a national and global capacity, her travels on its behalf taking her around the world. A knowledgeable devotee of the arts, she was an enthusiastic subscriber of nearly every classical music institution and theater in town and, along with her late husband, Stephen, inculcated in her adoring son Matt a love of the arts that led to his career as a critic and journalist based in London. A memorial will be held at the Cosmopolitan Club, 122 East 66th Street, NYC 10065 on April 9 at 11:30am. In lieu of flowers, please make contributions to Historic Deerfield, PO Box 53, Deerfield MA 01342.", u'POLLACK--Arlene, nee Davis. Beloved wife of Lester 64 years. Devoted mother of Jody, Gary Roth; Hildy, Paul Feldman; Marcy, Barry Rosner. Caring brother, Jay Davis. Cherished grandmother of Dani, Evan Yagerman; Drewe, Ryan Paul; Spencer Rosner; Sari Feldman; Chelsey, Louis Kail. Special GG to Cooper and Asher. Adopted grandmother and great-grandmother of Marni, Gregory, Judy, Emily, Nick, Alexis. A woman of valor who held family as her highest priority. Services at Boulevard-Riverside Chapels, 1450 Broadway, Hewlett on Thursday at 1pm. 1/3', u'FRANKEL--Ruth. We mourn the unexpected passing of Ruth Frankel, wife of our colleague, friend and mentor Victor Frankel, M.D. Ruth was a truly wonderful and very special person. "Lady Ruth" as she was known was a constant presence at Victor\'s side for over 57 years and a matriarch to countless orthopaedic surgery residents at Case Western, University of Washington and NYU Hospital for Joint Diseases. We extend our heartfelt condolences to her husband Victor, her children Dana and Matthew, Victor, Jr., Carl and Chris, Paul and Judy and to her six grandchildren and great grandson. She will be missed by all of us. Joseph D. Zuckerman, M.D. and the NYU Hospital for Joint Diseases Orthopaedic Community', u'WEINBERG--Bertram, born June 1, 1918, died March 30, 2015, adored husband of Marjorie, loving father of Paula Trauner (Bruce), wonderful and fun grandfather of Joshua Trauner (Jessica) and Meredith Moles (David), thrilled great-grandfather of Avi and Josie Trauner and Miriam Moles, dear brother of Malcolm Weinberg and Iris Abrams. He will be greatly missed. Services private. 1/3', u"SAKS--Gene. We mourn the loss of Gene Saks, 1994 recipient of Guild Hall's Academy of the Arts Lifetime Achievement Award for Performing Arts. The Guild Hall Board of Trustees", u"POLLACK--Arlene. UJA-Federation of New York mourns the passing of Arlene Pollack, an incredible friend to UJA-Federation. We extend our heartfelt condolences to Arlene's beloved husband, Lester; her children, Jody Roth (Gary), Hildy Feldman (Paul), and Marcy Rosner (Barry); her grandchildren; great-grandchildren; and the entire family. Alisa R. Doctoroff, President; Linda Mirels, Chair of the Board; Eric S. Goldstein, CEO 1/3", u'WOLF--Mary C. The Mount Sinai Auxiliary Board mourns the passing of our greatly esteemed member, Mary C. Wolf. Her thoughtful insights and longtime commitment to our Board will be greatly missed. We extend our heartfelt sympathy to her family, friends and colleagues. Jennifer Price, President The Mount Sinai Auxiliary Board', u"NEWI--Alexander (Alec) Garnett, 44, of Old Greenwich, CT passed away suddenly of natural causes on Friday, March 27, 2015. A devoted and loving parent along with Ashley, Alec is survived by his daughter, Mackenzie, 8, and his son, Crosby, 7; his mother Sally of Bonita Springs, FL; his sister Lisa Long of Pleasantville, NY; and his brother George H. Newi, Jr. of Marietta, GA. Alec's father, George H. Newi, died in 1997. A native of Chappaqua, NY, Alec leaves a lasting legacy as a father, mentor and friend. He adored his children, of whom he spoke constantly and with great pride. Alec delivered caring, thoughtful guidance to colleagues and clients alike over the course of his 23-year career in sales, most recently as a Senior Vice President at Viacom Inc. Tall, impeccably dressed and always smiling, Alecs gentlemanly presence could not be missed in the halls of the company's Times Square headquarters. Alec was a proud graduate of Horace Greeley High School and Auburn University '93, where he was a starting pitcher for the Tigers. A member of the Stanwich Club, he was a passionate golfer and could often be found on the links there or at Westchester Country Club. Alec will be remembered always by his family, friends and colleagues. A wake for Alec will be held on Wednesday, April 1st at 4:00pm at the Beecher Flooks Funeral Home in Pleasantville, NY. The funeral will be held on Thursday, April 2nd at 11:00am at Christ Church in Greenwich, CT. In accordance with the family's wishes, in lieu of flowers, contributions in memory of Alec may be made to an educational fund for his children at https://www.youcaring.com/ alecnewifund. 1/3", u'BACIGALUPI--Victor James. It has been a long year since you left us, but your presence continues to reverberate in so many lives. We miss your bravery, honor, humor, depth, graciousness and love of life. You remain an example of how to care for friends, family & community. Your light continues to shine. 1/3', u'LEFKOWITZ--Irwin, beloved husband of Roseann, passed away suddenly on March 30. He and Roseann split their time between Boca West Florida and Manhattan. Irwin loved life and was a prince among men. Irwin was the sweetest kindest man, always sharing a warm smile. His greatest accomplishment were his children and grandchildren. He is survived by Cheryl and Warren Prosky, Ellen and Richard Kamzan, Gary and Laura Lefkowitz. Grandchildren Alyssa, Matthew, Jordan, and Perri. He was much loved and will be missed by all. Funeral at Boulevard Riverside Chapel, Hewlett, NY. 1/3', u'POLLACK--Arlene. The Board of Governors and the members of The Seawane Club, record with sorrow the loss of our long-time member Arlene Pollack. We extend heartfelt sympathy to her family. Paul Kotcher, President 1/3', u"PURNELL--Marguerite H. (Maggie) of Locust Valley, Fishers Island and New York, NY passed away peacefully at home on March 26, 2015 after a long illness. She was 94. Maggie was predeceased by her beloved husband of 45 years Richard I. and her adored sisters Constance H. Oliver O'Neil and Audrey H. Hilliard. She is survived by her daughter Marguerite W. Purnell, her son Peter F. Purnell, her four grandchildren James, Theodore, Robert and Henry. She is also survived by her cherished sister Sally H. Childs and numerous nieces and nephews, on whom she doted. Maggie's energy and enthusiasm were boundless, and she put those traits to good use, first as a daughter, sister, aunt, wife, mother, and friend and later as a long serving board member of many charitable organizations. In her 20's she worked under the tutelage of Dr. Howard A. Rusk in the nascent field of physical rehabilitation, an area of interest that would remain near and dear to her throughout her life. She served on many boards and was a tireless champion for each one, from her early years with the Junior League to her involvement with the Rusk Institute (and later the World Rehabilitation Fund), the International Center for the Disabled, FOCUS, the Venture Fund, the Episcopal Mission Society, Classroom, Inc. and in particular her lengthy involvement with the Boys Club of New York and The Central Park Conservancy, where she was one of the four founders of the Women's Committee. Maggie was a quintessential people person, and she demonstrated it every day through her profound love for her family, her friends and those whose causes she championed. She particularly liked to empower young people, whether through education, rehabilitation, job opportunities and/or recreational opportunities. Renowned for her charm and her charisma, she lit up every room she entered. Truly, she was one of a kind. A memorial service to celebrate Maggie's life will be held at a later date. A private interment was held at Fishers Island. Services by Dodge-Thomas. In lieu of flowers, please consider a donation in Maggie's name to the World Rehabilitation Fund (worldrehabfund.org), the Boys Club of New York (bcny.org) or the Central Park Conservancy (centralparknyc.org).", u'ADDISON--Bruce, on March 31st in his 90th year in West Palm Beach, FL after a long illness. Beloved father of Bruce W. Addison and Anthony P. Addison of New York; Matthew D. Addison of Dallas, TX and Blake R. Addison of Los Angeles, CA. Grandfather of Dieter A. Addison, Anabelle H. Addison and Carolina G. Addison of New York and Virginia S. Addison and Grace S. Addison of Dallas, TX. Funeral and interment private. 1/3', u'The N.I.T. and Madison Square Garden agreed to a three-year contract extension to keep the tournament at the arena through 2018.', u'Thirteen United States senators asked FIFA in a letter to consider moving the 2018 World Cup because of what they called Russia\u2019s \u201congoing violations of the territorial integrity of Ukraine.\u201d', u'The Miami Heat ruled the rookie guard Shabazz Napier out for the rest of the regular season after he had surgery to repair a sports hernia.', u'Sidney Crosby scored his 300th career goal and raised his N.H.L.-leading point total to 80, but his injury-depleted Pittsburgh Penguins fell, 4-1, to the Flyers.', u'Prosecutors in North Carolina agreed to let the N.F.L. see photographs from Hardy\u2019s domestic-violence trial as the league considers whether to suspend Hardy.', u'Speaking directly about the topic for the first time since gambling-related messages tied to his account appeared on Twitter last week, Cosart said Wednesday, \u201cI never have, never will bet on baseball.\u201d', u'Monta Ellis scored 26 points, and the visiting Dallas Mavericks withstood Russell Westbrook\u2019s eighth triple-double since the All-Star break to beat the Oklahoma City Thunder.', u'Serena Williams became the eighth woman in the Open era to reach 700 career victories, beating Sabine Lisicki, 7-6 (4), 1-6, 6-3.', u'A prominent Brazilian sailing and environmental organization declined a city contract to help clean up the sewage- and trash-filled Guanabara Bay because of \u201cinstitutional risks.\u201d', u'The woman who said defensive lineman Jonathan Taylor assaulted her recanted the allegations and was arrested and charged with false reporting to law enforcement.', u'Thomas M. Curtis, a lawyer for Maria Hrynenko, questioned the actions of Con Edison, which had two inspectors in the basement of one of the destroyed buildings shortly before the explosion in the East Village last week.', u'Jacobson, who led the Panthers to a team-record 31 wins this season, agreed to a contract extension.', u'The Islanders, who recently ended a monthlong home losing streak, are fortunate that their early-season success has provided a points cushion that allows them to essentially control their playoff destiny.', u'Isaiah Briscoe of Union, N.J., will be a centerpiece next year for John Calipari\u2019s Kentucky team, which will likely lose several players to the N.B.A. after this season.', u'At least 50 people died and several remained missing after a Russian trawler sank late Wednesday near the Kamchatka Peninsula.', u'Brook Lopez followed up his own miss for the winning layup with two seconds remaining at Madison Square Garden, and the Nets (34-40) moved into a tie for seventh place in the Eastern Conference.', u'Mr. Hardy\u2019s lawyers had argued that their client, a Brooklyn man who has schizophrenia, was not mentally competent to stand trial.', u'The course \u2014 built by New York City, designed in part by Jack Nicklaus and run by the Trump Organization \u2014 has greens fees about three times as high as the city\u2019s other courses.', u'Days before the home opener, the Mets showed off their prized structural addition for 2015 at Citi Field: a new video screen for the center-field scoreboard.', u'State laws seen as discriminatory against gay couples have laid bare and intensified fissures between social conservatives and the pro-business wing of the party.', u'After sustaining a calf injury, shortstop Brendan Ryan does not seem likely to be with the Yankees for their opener on Monday, leaving the team thin in the infield.', u'Based on a preliminary analysis, the Los Angeles County coroner\u2019s office reaffirmed on Wednesday that Andrew R. Getty, an heir to the Getty oil fortune, died from what appeared to have been natural or accidental causes.', u'Ten months after staging a coup, Thailand\u2019s junta remains firmly in control with new laws that essentially give it absolute power.', u'Newly unsealed court documents show that lawyers for Ross W. Ulbricht, who was convicted for his role in the illicit online bazaar, were barred from using the information in court.', u'A man charged with the killing of the opposition politician Boris Y. Nemtsov told a court on Wednesday that he had been beaten and pressured to confess.', u'South Korean prosecutors on Wednesday indicted a man who slashed the American ambassador in Seoul last month, charging him with attempted murder.', u'The young Holocaust diarist Anne Frank most likely died a month earlier than previously believed, research by the Frank museum in Amsterdam has concluded.', u'Ko enters the women\u2019s first major with a string of 28 consecutive competitive rounds under par, and she aims to become the youngest major winner in L.P.G.A. Tour history.', u'Misao Okawa, the world\u2019s oldest person, died Wednesday, a few weeks after celebrating her 117th birthday.', u'Besides asking for the bill to be recalled and amended, Gov. Asa Hutchinson of Arkansas said he was considering issuing an executive order \u201cprotecting against discrimination\u201d within the state government.', u'This is also a chance for creating the conditions to bring Iran out of the cold.', u'They jointly announced the \u201cTalk to Your Baby\u201d campaign, a public awareness push to increase cognitive development in young children.', u'The Mets have drawn some confidence from winning 18 of their 30 exhibition games this spring, the most victories of any National League team.', u'The company posted a statement in its Twitter feed that asked the governor of Arkansas, its home state, to reject legislation that critics say could allow discrimination against lesbians and gay men.', u'Pemex said that there was no evidence of a major spill, but that the blast had forced the evacuation of more than 300 workers from the rig.', u'The move to punish Detective Patrick Cherry came after a videotape of the episode was posted on YouTube and labeled \u201cdisturbing\u201d by Mayor Bill de Blasio.', u'The French police asserted that the reports about it were false and the French prosecutor leading the crash investigation said no videos had been recovered.', u'Mullin\u2019s introductory news conference, which was open to the public, drew about 1,000 people and scores of encouraging comments.', u'Scientists say that the warming trend makes it highly likely that California and other parts of the Western United States will see more severe droughts in the future.', u'The long-running case against Sergey Aleynikov, a former Goldman Sachs programmer, is set to begin on Monday after a judge rebuffed a request from the prosecution for a long delay.', u'Mr. Koch, a creator of the vexingly convoluted game 43-Man Squamish for Mad magazine, was the unheralded author of thousands of comedy scripts for Bob and Ray\u2019s radio shows.', u'The partnership, first announced in July, will initially concentrate on Sotheby&#8217;s daytime auctions, which tend to offer less expensive items.', u'The largest contiguous parcel of undeveloped private land east of the Mississippi River, owned by Foley Lumber and Land, is expected to bring in $1 billion or more.', u'Ms. Lennon, who was the mother of John Lennon&#8217;s son Julian, wrote two memoirs about her former husband.', u'In remarks in the Nigerian capital, Abuja, Mr. Buhari bluntly enumerated two scourges: the ruthless onslaught of the Boko Haram militant group; and the \u201cevil of corruption.\u201d', u'The federal government said Wednesday that it is giving new protections to a species that has been nearly wiped out in some areas by the spread of a fungal disease.', u'The engineering company KBR agreed to pay the agency $130,000 for forcing employees to sign documents that could stifle possible whistle-blowers.', u'More than 750 plaintiffs sued the Johns Hopkins Hospital System on Wednesday over medical experiments in Guatemala in the 1940s and 1950s during which subjects were infected with venereal diseases.', u'Provocative advertisements showing a photograph of Hitler with a former Arab leader started appearing on Philadelphia transit buses on Wednesday.', u'Sales slid to $5.2 billion from $5.8 billion.', u'The companies\u2019 former corporate parent sought to push down the price of the grain and reaped $5.4 million in illicit profits, the regulator said.', u'The race is a hemmed-in affair, much like the city where it is run, which is exactly why the organizers of the Right to Movement: Palestine Marathon chose to stage it in Bethlehem, West Bank.', u'Designer names are popping up at Brookfield Place; a luxury watch auction is tied to the Tribeca Film Festival; Bergdorf Goodman has new faces; and more.', u'Skin care products for men may be similar in quality to those marketed to women but are often far less expensive.', u'Officers shot and killed a woman carrying a rifle, two hand grenades and a handgun near Istanbul\u2019s main police station.', u'The newly anointed &#8220;Daily Show&#8221; successor discovers the perils of comedy&#8217;s public proving ground.', u'Desertion \u2014 inseparable from its aftermath of recovery \u2014 haunts the band\u2019s eighth album.', u'The deal gives Concord, already one of the world\u2019s largest independent music companies, two established record labels.', u'Federal prosecutors said they did not agree with House Republicans&#8217; claims that Lois Lerner had waived her Fifth Amendment right to not incriminate herself at hearings on the agency&#8217;s treatment of conservative groups.', u'The bar can significantly improve the quality of audio on newer TVs, which has diminished with their size.', u'The Swedish electronic dance music duo Axwell and Ingrosso tasted stardom as two-thirds of Swedish House Mafia. Now they are readying an album for summer.', u'Rosneft absorbed most of Yukos&#8217;s valuable assets after the company&#8217;s founder, Mikhail B. Khodorkovsky, was arrested in 2003.', u'The label\u2019s new store in SoHo is a temple of inspiration and aspiration.', u'Ms. Lawless, known for playing strong-willed characters, portrays a countess and a witch in this WGN America drama.', u'Founded in 2011, Shawbrook is considered a challenger to the larger, more traditional lenders that dominate the banking landscape in Britain.', u'The new trips will be scheduled for the early mornings on Saturdays, Sundays and Mondays, and will start on May 1.', u'The Liz Gerring Dance Company presented this full-bodied work, with a score by Michael J. Schumacher, at the Joyce Theater.', u'Facial hair, now firmly entrenched as a hipster clich\xe9, shrugs off its natural hues for some eye-catching dyes.', u'A bar brings a refreshing bohemian breeze to the neighborhood.', u'A federal judge ruled that the Off Broadway play \u201c3C,\u201d a darkly comic reimagining of the TV hit \u201cThree\u2019s Company,\u201d did not infringe the copyright of that sitcom.', u'Mr. Gibney examines Sinatra&#8217;s life and career, including challenges he faced amid the cultural upheaval of the 1960s.', u'Total compensation of $22.5 million is more than Jamie Dimon\u2019s at JPMorgan Chase but less than Lloyd Blankfein\u2019s at Goldman Sachs.', u'A fitness service that gets members into a number of fitness studios has drawn complaints from many clients who say it has grown difficult to get into the desired classes.', u'Because of time demands and travel, this is one of the most challenging times of the year for the college basketball players who pull the N.C.A.A.\u2019s lucrative freight train.', u'There were two particularly meritorious defensive plays during the Spring Nationals in New Orleans last month.', u'Mr. Kenney&#8217;s program included a Westhoff suite for solo violin, a Schumann sonata, a Shawn Jaeger premiere and a partner, the pianist Renana Gutman.', u'For Mina Kwon in South Korea, being an illustrator affects her fashion choices.', u'One writer\u2019s ode to his hated winter wear.', u'The author&#8217;s third book to feature members of the Coughlin family is suspenseful, devious, well-constructed and as filled with ethical questions as it is with gangsters.', u'As it opens its new $422 million Lower Manhattan home, the Whitney Museum of American Art is preparing for the challenge of paying to operate a larger building.', u'Highlights from the last day of the 38th annual American Crossword Puzzle Tournament.', u'The drop in construction spending, attributable in part to bitter winter weather, is likely to lower total economic growth in the United States for the first quarter.', u'A day after nationwide protests, the company said it was raising wages at least $1 over the local minimum wage at the restaurants it operates. Franchise outlets may feel new pressure.', u'In his 17th N.B.A. season, Carter has adapted his game, replacing acrobatic dunks with mostly long-range jumpers in a reserve role for the playoff-bound Memphis Grizzlies.', u'More than just barking at the White House.', u'Federal prosecutors said in a court filing that HSBC had failed to carry out terms of a do not prosecute agreement after the bank was found facilitating money laundering in 2012.', u'Mr. Menendez, Democrat of New Jersey, who prosecutors say traded political favors for vacations, campaign donations and flights, angrily denied wrongdoing and vowed to fight.', u'What to do when people want to retain their right to discriminate \u2014 wrapped in the cloak of piety \u2014 after most of the country has lost the appetite for it?', u'Although petroleum prices are down worldwide, the business of sending supertankers across the seas has never been brisker &#8212; or more global.', u'A country that has abandoned all efforts at creating a saner immigration policy has gotten the result it deserves: national incoherence.', u'Beyonc\xe9, Julianne Moore, Pharrell Williams and others at Chanel\u2019s Paris-Salzburg M\xe9tiers d\u2019Art show in New York.', u'Beyonc\xe9, Julianne Moore, Pharrell Williams and others at Chanel\u2019s Paris-Salzburg M\xe9tiers d\u2019Art show in New York.', u'Exhausted parents have seized on a recent study claiming that parenting time doesn\u2019t matter, but the research is misleading.', u'Regulators rejected four applications filed by ATR, which members of the Tatar minority said reflected a continuing pattern of discrimination.', u'The move by Gov. Jerry Brown comes as California\u2019s drought has reached near-crisis proportions after a winter that brought record-low snowfalls.', u'Federal authorities in South Carolina, Florida, Georgia and Ohio have settled these export disputes by returning all of the seized cars.', u'Seth Hutchinson has long differed with his father, Gov. Asa Hutchinson, and describes himself as a political outcast among more conservative family members.', u'The Palestinians refrained from immediately asking the court to look into cases that may implicate Israeli officials in what they say are war crimes.', u'Alumni from the payments company have established a reputation as the best in Silicon Valley at finding and funding the latest hot product or company.', u'The educators who stood trial were indicted in 2013 after questions about how Atlanta students had substantially improved scores on a test given throughout Georgia.', u'Two brothers saw a depressed Manhattan economy as an opportunity to buy up real estate.', u'Beyonc\xe9, Julianne Moore, Pharrell Williams and others at Chanel\u2019s Paris-Salzburg M\xe9tiers d\u2019Art show in New York.', u'The Russian moves have set off debate over military spending and highlighted how quickly President Vladimir V. Putin has shredded the certainties of the post-Cold War era.', u'Cultural figures in Russia describe a climate of anxiety as laws banning obscenities have made them compromise their work or face harsh penalties.', u'In an echo of debates elsewhere over globalization, the chairman of English soccer\u2019s governing body is trying to restrict the number of foreigners.', u'Ford, General Motors and Honda, among others, ended March in losing territory. Fiat Chrysler and Toyota posted modest gains.', u'A number of apps help users winnow the overwhelming amount of news about hardware and software, serving up content of the greatest interest to them.', u'Islamic State militants are reported to have launched offensives on two fronts &#8212; in the province of Hama and near Damascus, residents said.', u'The American House speaker and Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu of Israel seemed to take pains to avoid stirring any new controversy.', u'Kraft had a chance to buy Heinz two years ago. Instead, it has ceded control. The quandary is one that shareholders elsewhere have to consider.', u'The elegant new smartphones aim to answer many criticisms leveled at Samsung\u2019s phones but are most likely not quite enough to fix what ails the company.', u'As corporations like Walmart speak out in opposition, Gov. Asa Hutchinson asked the state House to recall or amend a bill that critics say will allow discrimination against gays and lesbians.']